updated documentation for incentivized testnet (#68)
HorizenLabs/zkverify-docs: docs/incentivizedtestnet/03-challenges/02-details/01-build_a_verifier.md

---
title: Build a Verification Pallet
---

### Overview
The goal is to have incentivized testnet participants to build additional verifiers for zkVerify. You can follow the "[Add a New Verifier tutorial](https://docs.zkverify.io/tutorials/add-new-verifier/introduction)" from the zkVerify docs, that covers the basics to add a new verifier to the zkVerify blockchain. 

Also, make sure to take a look at the verifiers we’ve already [integrated](https://github.com/HorizenLabs/zkVerify/tree/main/verifiers), in case you need to include more “exotic” logic (for instance, the possibility to verify on two different elliptic-curves or having runtime benchmarks for different input size categories). For any additional help, feel free to contact the zkVerify team.  

### Scope
From higher to lower priority:

* Halo 2 - KZG & IPA

>     * Over bn256 (for Ethereum support) (mandatory) and pasta/bls12381/secp256k1 elliptic curves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Over bn254 (for Ethereum support) (mandatory) and pasta/bls12381/secp256k1 elliptic curves
```

* An end-to-end tutorial on how to submit proofs for the verifier you’ve just added to the zkVerify blockchain must be provided. For instance, if you are integrating the gnark verifier, make sure to document or reference how to generate gnark proofs using the gnark toolchain.

* Make sure to provide any tool that users might require to transform proofs, vk and public inputs from the chosen source (e.g. Gnark) to the format accepted by the zkVerify blockchain, as provided by your implementation.

* For the submission itself to the zkVerify blockchain, feel free to leverage either the Polkadot JS frontend for submission via copy-paste, or any kind of Javascript/Rust code to do it programmatically. 

* As a reference, take a look at the tutorials we already [have](https://docs.zkverify.io/tutorials/submit-proofs/typescript-example) in our documentation.

### Acceptance Criteria and Submission

* Implementations with “no-std” (thus compilable in WASM and directly includible in the runtime) are preferred over “native” ones.

> * Code must compile and CI must pass. Take a look at the [instructions](https://testnet-explorer.zkverify.io/) on how to run the CI locally for more information. If you require the CI to install some dependencies, feel free to modify it. Otherwise reach the team for further support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Code must compile and CI must pass. Take a look at the [instructions](https://github.com/HorizenLabs/zkVerify?tab=readme-ov-file#running-github-workflows-on-local-environment) on how to run the CI locally for more information. If you require the CI to install some dependencies, feel free to modify it. Otherwise reach the team for further support.
```
